
ExoClick logo
ExoClick
Data Analyst 
Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain 路 21 hours ago 路 39 people clicked apply

Promoted by hirer 路 Responses managed off LinkedIn
Data Analyst
ExoClick 路 Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain (Hybrid)
See recent hiring trends for Amaris Consulting

Access exclusive applicant insights, see jobs where you have the highest chance of hearing back, and more.
Reactivate Premium: 50% Off
People you can reach out to

    Amazon logo

Amazon logo
Company alumni from Amazon
About the job

About ExoClick: 


ExoClick is an innovative and global ad company serving 20 billion daily geo-targeted ads to web and mobile advertisers & publishers. We are part of EXOGROUP, a set of companies made up of +200 talents and offering a wide range of services within the digital business landscape with headquarters in Barcelona and offices in Dublin, Porto and Valencia.


Role


As a Data Analyst you will be part of the Analytics team at EXOGROUP, which is a highly skilled and qualified department that has diverse responsibilities.


Together with the Director of Analytics & Data Science and the Analytics team you will develop and maintain data reports that provide critical business visibility on key revenue and profit trends, by product, market, vertical and traffic sources. Additionally, you will collaborate with IT and Product teams to identify potential improvements in the platform by analysing and designing algorithms.


Tasks


    Structure masses of information, identify data-driven trends and understand what really matters and why.
    Collect KPIs and design/define visualizations.
    Deliver insights and analytics across the company's operation and advertising departments.
    Ability to identify and escalate issues and opportunities ahead of time helping to reduce impact and improve financial / performance implications.
    Develop and maintain different internal applications and dashboards.
    Together with the Analytics team, you will develop and promote actionable insights to increase the profitability of the company.


Skills


    You thrive on data and have a highly analytical mind.
    Degree in computer science or mathematical sciences.
    Managing and prioritising workload, taking ownership of all assigned tasks.
    You feel comfortable retrieving, cleaning, tidying and processing data from different sources and formats. You have a general understanding of how web applications work.
    You have programming experience in Python.
    You are familiar with SQL and Git.
    Experience with advanced statistical methodology, data and datasets is a plus.
    Strong verbal and written communication skills.
    The desire and agility to work in a fast-paced and ever evolving environment.


What you'll find working at ExoClick:


We offer a position in a young, dynamic and international team with exceptional working conditions in unique offices high up in the Torre Mapfre, one of Barcelona's world-renowned landmarks, located right on the city's seafront.

Additionally, we offer the opportunity for permanent training, personal development, ambitious career growth, and a competitive salary.


Most of all, we offer a position in a team that thrives on achievement, success, and leadership within our industry. Our core company value is innovation: where people and creativity drive innovative technology. If you have an innovative, winning mentality, this position is for you!


Our company benefits:


    Flexitime and summer schedule;
    Private health insurance;
    Your Birthday off as a paid holiday;
    Flexible compensation plan: travel, meals & childcare;
    Additional internal and external training through our EXOGROUP University program;
    English, Portuguese & Spanish classes;
    training budget & study leave;
    Employee referral program bonus - You can earn 2500Eur by referring someone!
    Exciting team buildings in locations such as Ibiza;
    Office games room/chill-out zone;
    Organic fruit;
    Monday team breakfast;
    Subsidised Well-Being activities;
    Calm App;
    Yoga classes;
    Massages;
    Subsidized catering;
    Flexible remote work;
    Home office set up budget of 500 Eur;


Is this not the right role for you? Then make sure to check out all other roles we have open for you on our careers website.


The companies that are part of EXOGROUP are the data controllers regarding your personal data, in order to consider your application for present or future vacancies in our organization. For more information about the processing of your personal data and on how to exercise your rights of access, rectification, suppression, limitation, portability and opposition please visit the Protection Informative Clause Candidates.
